readme.md, before:

Android reverse enginnering of myProfile app for APU<br>
original work by c0deslayer & adbhoms

[Download apk here (v2.2)](https://github.com/ipromeh/myProfile/raw/master/apk/myProfile%2B.apk)

# Installation guide
Uninstall myProfile app if you've installed (optional)<br>
Make sure "Unknown sources" is enabled under Settings --> Security --> Unknown sources<br>
Download the apk and install it



# Shuttle bus schedule
-Ability to view the shuttle bus schedule from navigation menu<br>
-Added a android clockview and show the current time / day of the week<br>
-ShuttleBusSchedule: make clockview consistant (seperate clockview from scrollview)<br>
-ShuttleBusSchedule: light theme & dark theme support<br>
-ShuttleBusSchedule: scrollview disable overscroll mode<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_shuttle_bus](http://s20.postimg.org/3yrq8ggl9/phpu9ya1_X.png)



# Navigation drawer
-Remove some weird dividers / spacing from the navigation drawer after "Exam Schedule"<br>
-Ability to start the shuttle bus schedule activity from navigation drawer<br>
-Revamped navigation drawer icons according to google material design icon template<br>
-Properly resize navigation drawer icons for different screen dpi / resolution (the icon size looks better and consistant now)<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_navigation_drawer_light](http://s20.postimg.org/7ef949ofx/php1_Q5t_QV.png)
![screen_navigation_drawer_dark](http://s20.postimg.org/5b4twlon1/phpc_Rz_Pnn.png)



# Timetable screen
-Dark theme improvements<br>
 *Timetable card background improvements<br>
-Show current/selected tab<br>
-Light theme improvements<br>
 *Remove actionbar 3-dot menu<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_timetable](http://s20.postimg.org/3kqe8uwhp/php_Td_MGBO.png)



# Profile screen
-Dark theme improvements<br>
 *Attendance card background improvements<br>
-Show current/selected tab
-Light theme improvements<br>
 *Remove actionbar 3-dot menu<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_profile](http://s20.postimg.org/vfm55q399/php5_Fwj_Bj.png)



# Home screen
-Dark theme improvements<br>
 *Grey themed background<br>
-Show current/selected tab
-Light theme improvements<br>
 *Remove actionbar 3-dot menu (see screenshots below to know the reason of removing it)<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_home_light](http://s20.postimg.org/9dvuvoirh/phpw_W7_XWT.png)
![screen_home_dark](http://s20.postimg.org/fsuvscph9/phplrag_MY.png)



# Login screeen
-Show what to submit (enable hint text)<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_login](http://s20.postimg.org/46arr8265/php_Jx_KVBh.png)



# App icon
-Revamped app icon to match the google material icon design guidelines<br>
-Rounded edge of the app icon. Screenshots [here](http://s20.postimg.org/52bukf18b/php_V1a_UIh.png)



# Fixes / Tweaks
-Show splash screen on app start while loading<br>
-Fix recents screen text color. Read more [here](https://github.com/ipromeh/myProfile/commit/9435727b69df7bbf5b928766a938ef12eece00d9)
-Default theme settings fix, apply light theme by default. Read more [here](https://github.com/ipromeh/myProfile/commit/8229bb818ca0cc43eb7e569bb0246d92461a38db)<br>
-Some optimizations<br>
-Custom app package name<br>
 *Ability to install myProfile+ without uninstalling the original myProfile app<br>
 *Completely migrate out of playstore (disable app auto-update on playstore)<br>
-Replaced "Rate app" dialog with tips

Commit message:

myProfile+: optimize the bytecode of prebuilt apk (redex) Thanks Facebook for the dex optimizer https://github.com/facebook/redex "An APK optimized by ReDex should be smaller and faster than its source."

readme.md, after:

Android reverse enginnering of myProfile app for APU<br>
original work by c0deslayer & adbhoms

[Download apk here (v2.2)](https://github.com/ipromeh/myProfile/raw/master/apk/myProfile%2B.apk)

# Installation guide
Uninstall myProfile app if you've installed (optional)<br>
Make sure "Unknown sources" is enabled under Settings --> Security --> Unknown sources<br>
Download the apk and install it



# Shuttle bus schedule
-Ability to view the shuttle bus schedule from navigation menu<br>
-Added a android clockview and show the current time / day of the week<br>
-ShuttleBusSchedule: make clockview consistant (seperate clockview from scrollview)<br>
-ShuttleBusSchedule: light theme & dark theme support<br>
-ShuttleBusSchedule: scrollview disable overscroll mode<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_shuttle_bus](http://s20.postimg.org/3yrq8ggl9/phpu9ya1_X.png)



# Navigation drawer
-Remove some weird dividers / spacing from the navigation drawer after "Exam Schedule"<br>
-Ability to start the shuttle bus schedule activity from navigation drawer<br>
-Revamped navigation drawer icons according to google material design icon template<br>
-Properly resize navigation drawer icons for different screen dpi / resolution (the icon size looks better and consistant now)<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_navigation_drawer_light](http://s20.postimg.org/7ef949ofx/php1_Q5t_QV.png)
![screen_navigation_drawer_dark](http://s20.postimg.org/5b4twlon1/phpc_Rz_Pnn.png)



# Timetable screen
-Dark theme improvements<br>
 *Timetable card background improvements<br>
-Show current/selected tab<br>
-Light theme improvements<br>
 *Remove actionbar 3-dot menu<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_timetable](http://s20.postimg.org/3kqe8uwhp/php_Td_MGBO.png)



# Profile screen
-Dark theme improvements<br>
 *Attendance card background improvements<br>
-Show current/selected tab
-Light theme improvements<br>
 *Remove actionbar 3-dot menu<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_profile](http://s20.postimg.org/vfm55q399/php5_Fwj_Bj.png)



# Home screen
-Dark theme improvements<br>
 *Grey themed background<br>
-Show current/selected tab
-Light theme improvements<br>
 *Remove actionbar 3-dot menu (see screenshots below to know the reason of removing it)<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_home_light](http://s20.postimg.org/9dvuvoirh/phpw_W7_XWT.png)
![screen_home_dark](http://s20.postimg.org/fsuvscph9/phplrag_MY.png)



# Login screeen
-Show what to submit (enable hint text)<br>
-Match navigationbar color with current theme for devices with navigationbar (Android 5.0+)

![screen_login](http://s20.postimg.org/46arr8265/php_Jx_KVBh.png)



# App icon
-Revamped app icon to match the google material icon design guidelines<br>
-Rounded edge of the app icon. Screenshots [here](http://s20.postimg.org/52bukf18b/php_V1a_UIh.png)



# Fixes / Tweaks
-Optimized the bytecode of prebuilt apk using "redex" developed by Facebook. Read more [here](https://github.com/facebook/redex)<br>
-Show splash screen on app start while loading<br>
-Fix recents screen text color. Read more [here](https://github.com/ipromeh/myProfile/commit/9435727b69df7bbf5b928766a938ef12eece00d9)
-Default theme settings fix, apply light theme by default. Read more [here](https://github.com/ipromeh/myProfile/commit/8229bb818ca0cc43eb7e569bb0246d92461a38db)<br>
-Some optimizations<br>
-Custom app package name<br>
 *Ability to install myProfile+ without uninstalling the original myProfile app<br>
 *Completely migrate out of playstore (disable app auto-update on playstore)<br>
-Replaced "Rate app" dialog with tips
